welcome back to movie on today i'm going
to explain the movie called paramedics
from 2016. this movie has such an
interesting ending spoilers ahead watch
out and take care and i hope you enjoy
it at the beginning of the movie we saw
two brothers named corey and jeffrey and
both of them were paramedics they had
the hospital's phone tracked therefore
if any patient called on the hospital's
phone they could hear it after that a
woman called and she said that her hand
had broken after hearing this they went
to the house of that woman with their
ambulance reaching her home they put her
in the ambulance
in the next scene we saw that jeffrey
gave her anesthesia through an oxygen
pipe after that they took her to their
lab and they cut her belly and pulled
out all the organs from her body and
they sold those organs for money from
this scene we realized that they're not
from the hospital they were just
kidnappers they kidnapped people and
then sell their organs in the next scene
we saw that jeffrey used that lady's
phone and posted on social media that
she was going somewhere very far and she
will never come back corey came there
and told him to think of something else
they've been doing this for the past
three weeks and they had earned so much
money from the business cory told
jeffrey that he loved him a lot and he
will never leave him after that we saw a
girl named cindy she was hiking with her
friends but suddenly she bumped onto a
rock and her leg broke she called the
hospital and carrie and jeffrey came
there corey told them that only the
patient would be allowed in the
ambulance and her friends will have to
wait here for her so cindy got in the
ambulance with them and jeffrey gave her
anesthesia she fainted jeffrey touched
her head as if he knew her in the next
scene we saw them in their lab with
cindy they put her on the bed and they
were about to pull out her organs but
while jeffrey was about to cut her belly
he told corey that he couldn't do this
this was the first time jeffrey was so
tense about killing someone corey told
him to do it later and then corey left
the room and we saw that jeffrey once
again rubbed her head as if he knew her
after some time cindy woke up and
discovered herself in the locked room
she was totally naked she looked at the
camera and asked them to let her go but
no one heard her and then she wore the
clothes of other victims and laid down
on the floor she started crying because
she was feeling pain in her leg the next
day corey brought food for cindy but
cindy threw away the food corey tries to
do something terrible with her in the
next scene but cindy kicks him to defend
herself after that corey told her that
she would have to pay for this at night
when cindy was sleeping we saw that
corey came into the room and he
forcefully had sex with her cindy felt
so much pain since this was her first
time and she was being forced the next
morning jeffrey was cleaning the blood
from cindy's body but suddenly cindy
woke up and pushed him away with her
feet she asked him are you here to rape
me as well jeffrey said no i came here
and brought some food for you cindy
didn't listen to him and told him to go
away but after he went away she ate the
food corey was laughing at her because
he was enjoying it after some time both
of them went to cindy and told her that
they had come here to fix her broken leg
but cindy didn't listen to him then
corey said to her that if she didn't
listen to her then he would kill her
corey told her that he had brought a
special shoe for her feet so that she
can get well soon corey went to put the
shoe on her leg but then intentionally
broke her leg even more so that she
could not run away from there cindy was
screaming in pain but then corey showed
her morphine and told her that if she
wanted it then she would have to listen
to him cindy agreed with him and corey
gave her morphine but actually it was
not morphine it was a kind of anesthesia
after taking the drug cindy fainted and
after that corey raped her again after
some time cindy woke up and asked corey
how long he would do this to her corey
told her that until he gets satisfied
he'll keep doing it but cindy told him
that he could do whatever he wants to do
but please don't give me anesthesia
anymore corey promised her that he will
never tranquilize her in the next scene
we saw that jeffrey was looking at a
photo at night a girl was with them in
that photo and she looked like cindy and
he was crying while looking at the photo
when corey saw him crying he came to him
and managed his emotion and told him not
to think about her anymore but still
jeffrey went back to his room and looked
at the photo and became sad the next day
we saw that corey brought snacks for
cindy and cindy asked him how long she
needs to stay here corey replied that
whenever he gets satisfied he will kill
her cindy told him that he must have
become a psycho because of some kind of
trauma and that's why he's been killing
the innocents after hearing this corey
told her that he is a devil and so many
people are getting to live on this earth
because of him because he is saving
someone else after taking someone else's
organs cindy asked him if he wants to
rape her today corey said no i'm not in
the mood today and after some time when
cindy was changing her clothes jeffrey
came there and brought some food for her
he turned back after seeing her naked
but cindy told him to look at her
jeffrey went closer to her and cindy
touched him cindy took a little bit of
chocolate in her finger and ate it in a
sexy way jeffrey was feeling so good
after seeing it but when cindy touched
his dick he ran away from the room after
seeing this corey realized that cindy
was trying to seduce jeffrey so that she
can run away from there but he wanted to
see if his brother stays on his side or
changes his side and that's why he
didn't tell him anything in the next
scene we saw that at night corey went to
cindy once again and had sex with her
her body was unclean after having sex
that's why jeffrey went there to clean
her body but when he went there cindy
took off her clothes and told him to
clean her body jeffrey touched her body
and suddenly cindy kissed him jeffrey
was feeling so strange and that's why he
ran away from the room corey was shocked
after seeing this since cindy was doing
everything to get jeffrey on her side
after that cindy stood in front of the
camera and said i know you can see me
jeffrey went to his room and now he was
falling in love with cindy the next
morning jeffrey was making some good
breakfast for cindy corey got so angry
after seeing this cora told him that he
was going to interrogate her so that he
can cut her body and sell her organs
jeffrey was feeling bad after hearing
this but he could not go against his
brother because there was no one in his
life except for corey corey went to
cindy and asked her some medical
questions but cindy didn't answer him at
all corey threatened her that if she
does not answer the questions then he
will break her other leg cindy got
scared after hearing this and answered
all of his questions after that cindy
talked to him about her life and corey
felt bad about it he told her that from
now on he will torture her even more he
was about to torture her but cindy
hugged him and kissed him corey couldn't
tolerate it and went out of the room in
the next scene we saw that jeffrey came
inside the room and cindy told him to
lay down beside him cindy told him that
he behaved so well with her unlike his
brother and he has all the qualities of
a good guy in him after saying this
cindy kissed him and they got intimate
corey was watching this and he realized
that his brother was slowly turning
towards cindy cindy asked jeffrey why
they kept her alive and then jeffrey
showed her the photo and told her she
was our sister and you look exactly like
her after their parents died all of them
stayed together and they also slept
together but after they went to college
corey started to bring other girls in
the house and as a result their sister
was feeling jealous and sad therefore
slowly she became sick after some time
she could not tolerate this anymore and
died jeffrey told cindy that he thinks
his brother is responsible for his
sister's death and they decided to run
away from there cindy realized that
since her face was identical with their
sister's face they didn't kill her after
that when geoffrey was going outside
corey told him that cindy is trying to
seduce you but jeffrey didn't listen to
his brother and he shouted at him and
said that he let his sister die once and
that was because of him but this time he
will not let it happen jeffrey was so
angry that he was hurting himself corey
tried to convince him and told him that
he loves him so much and no one can ever
love him more than corey at night
jeffrey had sex with cindy once again
and cindy told him that jeffrey is
better in bed than his brother and she
loves to have sex with jeffrey because
he is smarter than his brother and any
girl would love to have him after
hearing this jeffrey told her that now
they will run away from this place so
that corey can never find them corey
heard all of this and became upset
because he realized that cindy had
seduced his brother and he's on her side
now and he was ready to do anything for
her in the next scene we saw that corey
called him to go to work and when they
came back they brought another man with
them to take out his organs from his
body corey hanged cindy with a rope and
told her that now she will watch a live
show cindy told him not to do this but
he didn't listen to her and they took
out the organs of the boy in front of
cindy cindy became unconscious after
seeing this because it was the first
time she saw an operation corey told her
that she had made a big mistake from now
on he will show her butchering every day
after that corey told geoffrey that he
wants to eat something good tonight and
that's why he sent him outside to bring
some food jeffrey went outside and corey
came to cindy he told her that enough is
enough he also told her that she's using
her face in private parts to seduce his
brother and that's why he will seal her
face in private parts shut he also told
her that their sister didn't die from
any disease actually he killed her with
his own hands by poisoning her he did
this because he found out that his
sister and jeffrey were planning to
leave him cindy was shocked after
hearing this corey filled the room with
tranquilizer and cindy became
unconscious after that corey stitched
her mouth and her private part and
sealed it so that she could never talk
or have sex jeffrey came back and got
angry after seeing cindy in that
situation but corey told him that he had
done the right thing because his girl
was trying to seduce him jeffrey didn't
listen to him and hid his head on the
table and he became unconscious as well
after that cindy woke up and she hit
jeffrey with the oxygen tank and as a
result he also became unconscious cindy
ran away from the room after some time
both of them woke up and corey was
trying to convince his brother and told
him that the girl was not worthy of your
trust but still jeffrey trusted her in
the next scene we saw the scene from one
year later a woman called them to help
her but when they went to her with their
ambulance the woman attacked them they
noticed that they were actually cindy
and her friend and they had kidnapped
the two brothers she took them to their
operation room and tie them in the bed
and ceiling when corey woke up he
discovered himself tied to the bed he
felt so sad about it he told cindy to
let his brother go it was all his
mistake but cindy didn't listen to him
and told him that she would show his
brother how she pulls out all of the
organs from his body but corey kept
requesting her to let his brother go but
jeffrey told her that he loved her and
why is she doing this to him cindy
stabbed him in his chest and told him
that she never loved him and then cindy
saw that the delivery guy came there to
receive the organs when cindy came out
and talked to the guy he told her that
if you can give me organs i'll give you
a lot of money in exchange cindy told
him to wait for five minutes she'll be
back with the organs and we saw that
cindy went inside the room and cut the
body of corey and sold his organs to
that guy to watch more explanations of
these kinds of movies click on the
videos on your screen and don't forget
to let me know how you feel about
today's video in the comments down below
at last i will say stay safe stay well
thanks